hey what's up guys explanation bros here
today i'll explain the horror mystery
and thriller film titled antidote
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the movie begins and we see a man's dead
body whose name is nico
he is hanging and it seems like it is a
suicide
the scene gets cut and we see our main
character sharon berkeley she's sleeping
with her husband costas she suddenly
wakes up due to a severe stomachache
costas takes her to the hospital there
the doctors inform him that her appendix
has burst and they have to perform
immediate surgery they start the surgery
by making her unconscious
when sharon wakes up she finds herself
in a different room with her hands tied
to the bed a red liquid is being
injected to her as well then a doctor
comes to her whose name is dr helen back
he then tells her about her condition
that after the surgery her mental
condition was not good she asks him
about this place but he leaves without
answering sharon then checks the scar in
her stomach and she finds out that it is
completely healed which means she has
been here for a very long time dr helen
back comes to her again
she again asks him about displace about
all this but he doesn't reply instead he
gives her a pill she refuses to take it
and demands to meet her family after
saying that she pushes the doctor and
runs away from the room but eventually
she gets caught by the other members of
the facility they give her an ejection
and again bring her to her room when she
wakes up she finds dr helen back in
front of her she warns him that her
husband will come for her very soon in
reply the doctor says that no one will
ever find her and leaves the room
locking sharon inside
after some time she hears the scream of
other patients she also notices a
patient who is bleeding a lot as if he
was tortured after seeing the patients
she gets more scared she then hears
sound coming from the other side of the
wall she bends over to check it and
finds a note the patient on the other
hand has sent her the note and there he
wrote that his name is everett he also
tells sharon that this is not a hospital
just then she hears that someone enters
everett's room forcefully taking him
somewhere
she could hear everett's scream making
her more afraid
she recollects some past incidents she
wants lights to cost us about something
but he didn't react to it although he
knew about it now we see she is lying on
her bed and helen back again comes to
her asking her if she has any regression
about anything she denies it the doctor
then finds the note that everett gave
her then he takes her to the other
patients there she meets everett
cassandra mr rizzo and other patients as
soon as helen back goes from there
sharon asks everett about last night he
then tells her that they had cut his
tongue last night
hearing this she gets confused as he is
talking to her normally then everett
tells her that her tongue grew back he
also tells her that these doctors are
experimenting on them and that's why it
happened then cassandra tells her that
they have burnt her alive several times
but with the help of their treatment in
a few days she becomes normal and
healthy again the patients also tell
sharon that she shall not let the doctor
and nurses to come inside her room
otherwise they will also torture her
then a siren starts to ring and
terrifies everyone sharon doesn't know
what's going on then helen back comes
there and sends everyone to their
respective rooms and he'd also tell
sharon to go to her room too so that she
can understand the procedure and get to
know if she is selected for the
procedure or not
she is not able to understand what's
going on so she asks the doctor to let
her meet her family but he ignores her
and sends her to her room now she
recollects her memories we see that one
day she liked to cost us about going to
the gym and instead she went to visit a
grave
in the present time we see sharon is in
her room and she peeks through the door
and sees that lights of the corridor
suddenly turned off
two men enter and forcefully pull one
patient from the room taking that
patient with them and then the lights
turn on seeing the opportunity everett
comes to her room and tells her about
this place he tells her that this is an
experimental facility and not a hospital
she asks him if there is any way to get
out of the hospital he then tells her
that there is only one way and that is
that they have to listen to them and
follow their routine she again asks him
how he knows about this he tells her
that helen back has told him that he
will let him go if he listens to him and
follows his routine sharon then tells
him that she doesn't believe dr helen
back while both of them are talking they
notice that those men are bringing the
patient back
the patient is bleeding a lot and his
condition is very bad his stomach is
bleeding seeing this sharon asked
everett what happened to the man but he
replies that it will be better for her
not to know about it but she wants to
know the truth so she goes to the
patient's room she asks him directly
what happened just then helen beck
arrives there with the red liquid and
tells her to go to her room after going
to her room she asked everett for his
help to escape from this place but he
refuses to help her so she leaves the
room to find her own way there she
notices many other types of patients
unfortunately helen back finds her and
tells her to come with him
he shows her the picture of the same man
we saw at the movies beginning who
attempted suicide he then asks her if
she knows him or not in reply she tells
him that she will say the truth but in
one condition and that is he has to
allow her to make a phone call
helen back agrees to this now sharon
says that the guy in the picture is niko
whom she dated back then but they broke
up eventually and here we come to know
that the grave where she went was none
other than nikos lastly she tells the
doctor that he attempted suicide for
some reason but she doesn't believe this
she then asks the doctor to let him make
her a call he hands her the phone but
upon picking the phone up she realizes
that the telephone is already dead this
makes her very angry and she comes back
to her room
she again tries to escape and goes to a
room where she sees nico's piano and a
rope hanging from the ceiling she gets
very scared on seeing that just then two
men from the facility see her and take
her to an experimental room there they
chop one of her legs mercilessly she
wakes up and finds out her leg is
attached to her body and it was stitched
back by hell and back
she becomes shocked as she can control
the movement of her leg normally helen
back then shows her the red liquid that
is being injected to her
he also tells her that his liquid is
called bms and can rapidly cure any sort
of injury after listening to everything
she asks him why he is doing all this to
innocent people and in reply he says
that he is doing this only to those
people who are like her the doctor then
leaves the room sharon then goes to
everett's room and tells him that she
saw her ex who died 10 years ago hearing
this he becomes very angry and go
straight to talk to helen back and asks
him why he lied to him about the fact
that they released everyone after 3
months he also tells him that he knows
that there is a man who has been here
for 10 years helen back says that he
can't do anything about this as this is
not in his hand
everett then demands to talk to the
management helen back agrees and takes
him to a senior but he is actually
taking him to the experimental room upon
reaching the room two men grab him and
cut his tongue off again
on the other hand sharon again comes to
the same room where she saw the piano
there she finds a piano only and not the
rope she plays it for a while she then
sees a facility member across the
corridor and follows him
she reaches the exit of the facility but
in opening the door she finds a brick
wall that is enclosing the door that
means the view she saw while picking
through the door is actually fake she
again comes to the same room where the
piano is
and now she also finds the rope there
she gets confused then all of a sudden
nico's hanging dead body falls in front
of her from the ceiling and she gets
very scared she runs out of the room
dr hellenbach finds and tells her that
there is nothing in the room taking her
with him even she couldn't find anything
in the room neither the piano nor the
dead body then helen back takes her to
her room before this however sharon
steals the keys from helen back's pocket
after getting the keys she goes to
cassandra's room and they both then go
to helen back's office to investigate
after searching for a long time she
finds the map of the place and there
they found the exit but there is a
problem and that is hellenbach finds out
that his keys are missing to cover their
identity sharon and cassandra were the
uniform of the facility members while
they are heading to the exit a facility
member notices them and he has doubt
the facility member starts coming
towards him just then cassandra slits
her own throat to save sharon
sharon wastes no time and runs away from
there on her way she finds a patient who
tries to kill her rizzo arrives there
and saves her both of them start running
again and eventually hide inside the
room but there riza starts misbehaving
with her but she can't do anything as
the members of the facility are outside
she stays quiet and tolerates everything
as soon as they left she kills rizzo
somehow and escapes from there after
many hurdles she finally gets out of the
facility now everyone is searching for
her she then enters a house to find help
but there is no one then suddenly she
sees nico's dead body there and when she
starts to look around she realizes that
she is still in the facility she never
left when she opens her eyes she
realizes that this was all her
imagination the facility members then
hang her with a rope in the same room
where there is a piano she wakes up
again and finds herself on the bed in
her room
there she sees dr helen back who is
treating her she asks him why they are
not killing her and in reply he says
that they don't kill anyone here he
again asks her about her past but she
doesn't say anything later sharon goes
to everett and asks him how he came here
he tell her that he got into a severe
accident and that when he woke up he
found himself in this facility she then
again asks him about his past life if he
had ever done something bad he has
regression about he denies it then she
tells him that she regrets something she
has done 10 years ago and she thinks
that's why she is here
she goes to cassandra and tells her that
she was burnt again and she thinks she
deserves it
there she shares one of her past
incidents cassandra burned an entire
farm just to save 600 animals the owner
of the farm died she thinks that they
are doing the same thing to her and she
deserves it
cassandra also tells her that she thinks
that the only way to get out of here is
death
in response to this sharon tells her
that they are dead already she explains
to her that when cassandra was brought
here before that she ate a poisonous
mushroom and due to food poisoning she
was admitted to a hospital and after
that she found herself in the facility
likewise everett found himself here
after the accident and sharon herself
was admitted to a hospital before and
when she woke up found herself here
furthermore she tells cassandra that
they all have died already and this
place is hell cassandra becomes confused
after hearing all of this she asked her
why she is here in hell then sharon
replies that 10 years ago she killed her
ex-boyfriend nico and that's why she is
here now we see the story of nico sharon
and nico were dating each other and one
day during one fight she mistakenly
slits his throat he died on the spot
sharing it scared that if anyone gets to
know about it then she will be arrested
so she hang his dead body with a rope
and frame a suicidal scene now coming
back to the present sharon goes to helen
back and tells her the story of dante
who was sent to hell where he was
tortured and to be healed so that he can
be tortured again hell and back becomes
surprised after hearing this as no one
has ever found out the truth and here we
come to know that they are actually in
hell sharon asks him if he is the devil
so in reply he says that there is no
devil he also says that he was also a
patient here after his death he was also
tortured but after three months everyone
gets to torture other people and so he
is torturing others he further tells her
that if anyone refuses to do so the
person is being tortured more and that's
how the system works here
here we come to know that helen back has
been here since 1969. she further asks
him if anyone can die here and in
response he says that here no one can
die as hell is a place for their
regression
just then nico comes there who is here
for the last 10 years because of his bad
deeds he again tries to hang sharon the
same way she did to him but sharing
makes him believe that she loved him
truly and she has never loved anyone so
much like this
she also tells him that she is the one
who used to put candles at his grave
after saying all this she asks nico to
forgive her as she can change the past
but she can at least regret it
further she asks him to hang her again
after hearing all this niko changes his
mind and takes her to the exit seeing
nico and sharon going towards the exit
helen back comes there and tells him not
to do so
but miko doesn't listen to him and takes
sharon to the exit
there they find a bridge that joins hell
in the human world
they both step on it to cross it but as
soon as niko tries to cross it the
bridge starts falling apart and breaks
luckily sharon makes it to the other
side when she turns around she finds
sneak on the other side and two men are
taking him back to the facility she then
follows the light and goes out of the
place she opens her eyes and finds
herself on a bed at the hospital where
she is being treated the doctor there
tells her that her heart was stopped for
15 seconds which means she was dead for
15 seconds but now she is fine she then
checks the incision on her stomach and
understand that it is still healing she
feels relieved after seeing this
in the end we see after being discharged
she comes home and starts searching on
the internet about all those people whom
she met in hell she finds out that
everyone died the exact same day they
told her as cassandra died because of
food poisoning dr hellenbach died in
1969 sharing then goes to nico's grave
and lights a candle here we come to know
that sherry never wanted to kill nico it
was an accident but she still regrets it
and niko also realized that sharon has
nothing to do with it
it was all a mistake and forgave her she
hung his dead body just to save herself
and she also regrets it and that's why
she was ready to tolerate the torture as
well this is the reason why she is able
to come back from hell whereas the other
people in hell have done so much worse
in their past which is why they can
never come back from hell and the movie
ends here
thank you so much for watching if you
enjoyed this video please hit the like
button and also subscribe to my channel
for more videos like this
see you in the next video